What the fuck happened to you?
How did he find you? What happened?
Oh, you can't even talk now?
God, you fucking useless!
Inform every production you can reach.
Thelma will never be an actress.
Sure.
I've been blacklisted by every production company.
Even the actors killed.
What am I gonna do?
Hey, don't lose heart, okay?
I happen to know of an audition going on today, if you're interested.
Good friend of mine tipped me off.
Now, come on, let's go.
Alright, it's better than moping around here.
Here it is!
So I can just go in there just like this?
Yes, I got everything set up, okay?
Just go ahead, go in and do your thing.
You got this?
What is she doing here?